I've built a ninef fig marketing
business worked with Fortune 500
companies like Amazon and Google and my
brand reached millions of people monthly
through my blog YouTube channel and
podcast making me one of the most
recognized experts in digital marketing
SEO but if I had to start all over again
here's exactly what I would do to go
from Total beginner to digital marketing
expert no fluff just a proven road map
let's break it down step by step
starting with the basics one of the
fastest ways to Master digital marketing
in 2025 is not just consuming content
but actively posting and testing on
social media posting on X is the best
way to master digital marketing the
difference between X and other platforms
is most platforms penalize you if you
keep posting mediocre content for
example if you post two times a day on
Instagram and you keep doing that for 3
months but no one really engages with
your content it tells Instagram hey
people don't like Neil's content but
then you start posting content on
Instagram Instagram will give you more
views than your average mediocre content
but you won't be knocking out of the
ballpark right away why because you've
trained Instagram that your content's
mediocre because just like Instagram
YouTube Facebook LinkedIn Tik Tok are
actually similar but on the flip side x
is a very unique platform if you post
three times a day on x 10 times a day
and it's all mediocre junk content that
no one engages with if you post again
and then all of a sudden you start
posting amazing content content on X
that amazing content will do well and
they don't care about all your previous
posts so what you want to do is start by
posting on X see what people are
engaging with and what they're not
engaging with it doesn't matter if you
have tons of followers or not if your
content's engaging they'll start showing
it to all the people on the platform you
then take the top 10 or 20% of your
winners on X and then post them on
Instagram Facebook Tik Tok LinkedIn and
YouTube this is how you create success
in all the social media platforms
without without wasting too much time in
addition to testing content on social
media owning a website and ranking on
Google is one of the best long-term
marketing strategies in 2025 starting a
blog is the easiest marketing strategy
in 2025 the cool part about creating a
Blog is it's really simple these days
for a 100 bucks you can get a domain and
hosting and with the click of a button
whether you want to use like dream host
or you want to use GoDaddy you can get a
Blog up and running for pennies on the
dollar and everything is pretty much
automatic all you really have to do is
post content and promote it this is how
I started and I started this way because
blogging isn't expensive this is how I
create a company that generates an
excess of $100 million a year in Revenue
because of blogging now the key with
blogging is to produce content that does
really well so what you want to do is go
to uers suggest.com and put in a
competitor URL Uber suggest will show
you how much traffic that competitor
gets all their top pages what key wordss
are driving traffic to each of those
pages this gives you ideas on content
you should be creating that Google loves
now what you need to do is go to your
competitor's website those pages are
getting tons of traffic and look to see
what they're talking about I want you to
create a blog post that's better than
theirs more detailed more thorough
that's more updated and fresh this is
why Wikipedia ranks so well on Google
it's because their content is fresh and
always updated but your competition
probably isn't updating their content as
often as Wikipedia and when you create
this content the part is you can
actually go back to Uber see all the
people linking to your competitor's post
and hit them up telling them how your
blog post is more detailed thorough is
more beneficial is more upto-date and
why they should be linking to it because
it helps their users more than linking
to the competition it's a great way to
get more links to your website and
increase your rankings over time but
mastering digital marketing doesn't stop
here now that you've mastered the
fundamentals it's time to learn how to
optimize and scale traffic to your
website is worthless if it doesn't
convert so it's crucial to optimize your
website most websites get hundreds if
not thousands of visitors but they're
lucky if 1% convert into customers that
means for every 100 visitors you're
getting 99 in most cases are leaving
your website and not buying anything
they're not even becoming a lead your
biggest problem isn't more traffic it's
actually getting more of those visitors
who are leaving to actually stick around
and convert into customers so there's
this concept of heat Maps which is what
crazy shows you a heat map shows you all
the hot spots where people are clicking
and all the cold spots where they're not
clicking crazy even shows you how far
down the page people are scrolling if
you're called to action button to add a
product is all out the way at the very
bottom of a page but no one Scrolls that
low no one's going to buy your product
so what you want to do with that data
from crazy is adjust the elements on
your web page so then that way you can
maximize your Revenue you want to see
where the attention is on the page and
make sure you have the right right
elements there you can also see the
pages that people are getting stuck on
and leaving your site is it messaging
off is it wrong you can run AB tests
through crazy 's wizzywig editor in
other words you can just click some
buttons you don't need to know how to
code you can edit it it'll give you
suggestions and you can run at split
test where crazy shows visitors two
different versions and they see which
one converts better then you'll know if
the changes you made are causing you to
get more sales or less sales when you
continually do this for your whole
website you'll start generating more
more visitors over time it's also
crucial to take advantage of AI to level
up your marketing strategies in 2025 a
lot of marketing is all about content
creation without content there's not as
much to Market even the text on your
landing pages for your paid ads is
content the creatives that you use in
your advertising is a form of content
with AI like tools like Adobe Firefly
you can create creatives faster heck
even Facebook and Google provides you
with AI that can help you create
creatives faster and with AI like chat
gbt and Gemini it can help you
brainstorm ideas write content and then
you can go in there and edit it see AI
can speed up a lot of the process but
you want to still be involved what we
found is AI isn't better than humans and
humans aren't better than AI the winning
combination at least for marketing is AI
and humans combined you can also look at
a lot of the mundane boring tasks that
you're doing like analyzing data you can
just feed it into Ai and ask questions
like what marketing campaigns are
profitable and which ones aren't and
it'll help spit that data back out to
you so you know where to fine-tune your
time and you're not spending tons and
tons of hours just looking out boring
data when you can be doing something
else the key with AI is not that they
save you time but allows you to focus on
more of the strategy and the execution
instead of the boring mandane task that
a lot of people could be doing and now
you're equipped with a variety of
effective digital marketing strategies
to help you conquer the digital world in
2025 but you're learning doesn't stop
here because even if you're able to use
lots of different digital marketing
strategies to create effect marketing
isn't about knowing it's about testing
I've launched thousands and thousands of
campaigns but the best ones come from
constant iteration most people fail in
marketing because they stop testing what
you need to do is continue to test and
learn because if something works right
now it doesn't mean it's going to work
forever for example with one of my prior
companies kissm metrics we increase our
conversion rates by over 90% by having
people sign up and log in through Google
you know that button that just says sign
in with Google and then you're
registered for that random site that
you're on we were doing that back in the
day and it drastically boosted our
conversion rates and that was the only
option we gave people cuz it worked so
well but fast forward to today we don't
force that option why times change
people are now concerned about privacy
10 plus years ago they weren't really
concerned about privacy by continually
iterating and testing you can figure out
what's just not working right now but
what will keep working in the future so
that way you can keep growing I
recommend that you constantly set up ab
tests you can do this for creatives
landing pages even Evil subject lines
and you want to track the results and
refine by doing this it's going to allow
you not only continue tests and
experiment but it'll show you what's
working and not and you can use that
data to figure out what you need to do
in the future to continually be
successful for example with email
testing tools like MailChimp or convert
kit offer AB testing built in as for
landing pages and your website tool like
crazy egg will allow you to AB test
pretty much everything when it comes to
ads the platforms like Google and
Facebook have AB testing built in so
that way you can maximize your Roi the
best marketers also learn from those who
are ahead of them a lot of my
breakthroughs come from Master mind
groups I'm not talking about those
groups where you have to pay $5,000 to
attend the event I'm talking about just
those groups that you're in a WhatsApp
thread or you're just meeting up with
people within your city and you're
discussing stuff for free or you're at
an event or a conference for your
industry and you're meeting up with
other marketers over drinks and
discussing ideas and what's working and
what's not the real key to learning
digital marketing is to surround
yourself with other experts accelerates
your learning curve and it helps you
avoid a lot of the common pitfalls and
mistakes that you would make on your own
and in addition to all of this you also
want to ensure that you're constantly
consuming valuable content to learn more
about digital marketing watch this video
next where I condense my 23 years of
experience doing digital marketing and
just 23 minutes